Update Set-SPOUser.md (#195)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOUser.md

```

### -UpdateUserTypeFromAzureAD

> If the UserType property of an existing user is changed in AzureAD from Member to Guest and vice-versa, this parameter can be used to update it in SharePoint Online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the UserType property of an existing user is changed in Azure AD from Member to Guest and vice-versa, this parameter can be used to update it in SharePoint Online.
```

> If the UserType property of an existing user is changed in Azure AD from Member to Guest and vice-versa, this parameter can be used to update it in SharePoint Online.

Reviewer 2: I would change this to "Guest or vice-versa,".

> If the UserType property of an existing user is changed in Azure AD from Member to Guest and vice-versa, this parameter can be used to update it in SharePoint Online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the UserType property of an existing user is changed in Azure AD from Member to Guest or vice-versa, this parameter can be used to update it in SharePoint Online.
```
